QUESTION:
The system admins team of xFusionCorp Industries has set up some scripts on jump host that run on regular intervals and perform operations on all app servers in Stratos Datacenter.
To make these scripts work properly we need to make sure the thor user on jump host has password-less SSH access to all app servers through their respective sudo users (i.e tony for app server 1). 
Based on the requirements, perform the following:
Set up a password-less authentication from user thor on jump host to all app servers through their respective sudo users.
What is required here is that you should be able to ssh into server B from ServerA without a password.



SOLUTION:
To check if SSH key already exist
ls -al ~/.ssh/id_*.pub

To generate a new SSH Key
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "your_email@domain.com"

Once this is done, recheck if the SSH key now exist
ls ~/.ssh/id_*

To copy the public key into the Remote server
ssh-copy-id user@server_ip_address

Enter the server_ip_address password
With this, the public key is now added to the Remote server SSH key configuration
Once this is completed, you wouldnt need a password when you ssh into the server_ip_address

You can also use the ssh-keygen to get both the private and public key on the parent server and then, copy the public key into the ssh_authorized-keys of the remote server.
Once that is done, you dont need password to access the remote server.

Please note, if you copy the private key is copied instead of the public key, it causes the following:
1. Security Risk: Anyone with access to the remote server can potentially use the private key to impersonate you and access other systems that trust your key.
2. Key Compromise: The private key is meant to be private and securely stored. If it’s exposed, it compromises the entire public-private key pair, and anyone can use it to authenticate as you.
3. Unauthorized Access: With the private key on the remote server, unauthorized users could gain access to systems where the corresponding public key is authorized, leading to potential data breaches and unauthorized actions.
